---
layout: post
author: Taha
---
Welcome to my little corner of the internet! This site will be a blog all about myself - whatever I’m currently working on, the hobbies I’m spending time on, and some of the interesting stories I’ve picked up throughout high school - plus whatever else happens to cross my mind. First, a little about myself. My name is Taha Bokhari. I just finished my senior year of high school, but will not be graduating just yet - more on that later. I was born here in the USA, but my parents and family are from Pakistan. When I’m not in school I enjoy coding, reading novels, and building robots. I’m also a staunch supporter of the Oxford comma.

Now, about my unique school situation. I attend an early college high school that works a little differently than most high schools. First of all, each grade is made up of only 50 students, as opposed to the multiple hundreds attending most schools. The truly unique experience, however, comes from the early college program. Starting in junior year, we are able to take classes at NC State University as opposed to taking AP classes in high school. On top of that, we have the option of attending a 5th year of high school - but taking only college classes. That’s the option I went with, hence the reason I have finished senior year without graduating. The early college program as a whole has been a great experience so far. I’ll probably be mentioning my NC State classes a bit in future blog posts, but that’s enough about school for one day.

I’ll be posting updates regularly throughout the summer and aim to maintain them throughout the 2019-2020 school year as well. So, welcome once more to my blog, and I hope you enjoy!
